Playback time available from new playback InstanceHandle (#32)
NiklasEi/bevy_kira_audio: README.md

- [x] control playback rate
- [ ] control pitch (no change in playback rate)
- [x] control panning

> - [x] get the current status of a track (time elapsed/left)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] get the current status and position of a track
```

Reviewer: We could also link to the new example here.

Author: > We could also link to the new example here.

I'll do this.
